Jinja file extensions (#9099)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/documentation.md

### Placement

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.11">

Docs blocks should be placed in files with a `.md` file extension. By default, dbt will search in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [test-paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths), and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.12">

> Place docs blocks in files with a `.md`, `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, or `.md.jinja2` file extension. Note that Jinja-style extension suffixes such as `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, and `.md.jinja2` require setting [`allow_jinja_file_extensions: true`](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#jinja-file-extensions) in your `dbt_project.yml`.

Author: ```suggestion
Place docs blocks in files with a `.md`, `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, or `.md.jinja2` file extension. Note that using Jinja-style extension suffixes such as `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, and `.md.jinja2` require setting [`allow_jinja_file_extensions: true`](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#jinja-file-extensions) in your `dbt_project.yml`.
```

> Place docs blocks in files with a `.md`, `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, or `.md.jinja2` file extension. Note that using Jinja-style extension suffixes such as `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, and `.md.jinja2` require setting [`allow_jinja_file_extensions: true`](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#jinja-file-extensions) in your `dbt_project.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place docs blocks in `.md` files. You can also use Jinja-style extensions (`.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, `.md.jinja2`), however these require setting [`allow_jinja_file_extensions: true`](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#jinja-file-extensions) in your `dbt_project.yml`.
```

> Place docs blocks in files with a `.md`, `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, or `.md.jinja2` file extension. Note that using Jinja-style extension suffixes such as `.md.j2`, `.md.jinja`, and `.md.jinja2` require setting [`allow_jinja_file_extensions: true`](/reference/global-configs/behavior-changes#jinja-file-extensions) in your `dbt_project.yml`.

Reviewer: this is great! do we want to add why this is helpfuL a little?

> By default, dbt searches in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [test-paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths), and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)) &mdash; you can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, dbt searches in all resource paths for docs blocks (for example, the combined list of [model-paths](/reference/project-configs/model-paths), [seed-paths](/reference/project-configs/seed-paths), [analysis-paths](/reference/project-configs/analysis-paths), [test-paths](/reference/project-configs/test-paths), [macro-paths](/reference/project-configs/macro-paths), and [snapshot-paths](/reference/project-configs/snapshot-paths)). You can adjust this behavior using the [docs-paths](/reference/project-configs/docs-paths) config.
```
